ah
greetings and welcome all my name is
Raquel this is the nail decoration in
which we will be working now for
start this design I'm going to paint a
french design in color bougainvillea I am
starting by painting the smile line
and now I'm going to bring that color bougainvillea
towards the middle looking up from my
French design and I want to hurry to
this step because when I add the color
fiusha I want it to be still wet this
color bougainvillea then nothing else
add the future and I'm blurring
the two colors
now I'm going to add a rose in
a very pale tone the same and I'm going to
blur the color of pink with color
fiusha once everything has dried by
complete add a glaze with glitter
of your preference and to finalize
add a transparent glaze of your
preference
now for my nail of my ring finger
I decided to paint a freehand flower
to be using a brush at an angle and
nothing add the white on the
top part and the color fiusha in the
bottom part and I'm painting my
first petal of a flower dragging it
little by little and I'm going to make my flower
5 petals this technique is different from
which is used to make the flower to
hand raised and moving the brush towards
top down this is much more
easy is nothing more with pure pats and
at the same time bringing the brush towards
the side is a very easy technique one of
my favorites and the flowers are very
nice then here nothing else I'm
ending with my fifth petal now
in the center I will add a color
green
and I will also be delineating my
little flower with a very yellow color
pale and this at the end makes the flower
It looks very pretty because I'm a
little bit of the white and a little
yellow color too now I will be
adding the same yellow color in the
center of the flower in the form of dots
and I will also be adding dots
in brown color all around the circle
green but I'm going to concentrate more on the
area below with these little dots in
coffee color now using a color
white I'm going to make two lines curving
the towards the side of the flower rounding
the French design and about each of
the little tips I will paint a form of
almond
and his last step as always is
apply a transparent glaze to
seal your design well and that your art
last many days do this several times
per week I hope you liked it
this nail decoration and that is the
do using your favorite colors
thank you very much take care of us and we
we see for my next video goodbye